Document sensitive Adyen data & add information about logs (#1415)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/app-store/apps/adyen/overview.mdx

  }
}
```

## Data processing

> The app *stores* and *processes* data that may be PIIs or sensitive:

Reviewer: Correct me if I'm wrong, but while the app processes PII, it does not store PII.

Reviewer 2: Updated in [`87d749e` (#1415)](https://github.com/saleor/saleor-docs/pull/1415/commits/87d749ec4b8c74491d881efe4c1bbe1d7fc601e5)

> The app *stores* and *processes* data that may be PIIs or sensitive:

Reviewer 3: Would be good to maybe not combine these two together. We Process (or rather send) PII, but we do not store it. In terms of privacy this is a big deal, so would be cool to make the differentiation in this sentence, just not to scare anyone.

Reviewer 2: Updated in [`87d749e` (#1415)](https://github.com/saleor/saleor-docs/pull/1415/commits/87d749ec4b8c74491d881efe4c1bbe1d7fc601e5)

  }
}
```

## Data processing

> The app *processes* data that may be PIIs or sensitive:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The app transmits and processes PII and sensitive data but does not store any information it processes.
```

> ### Processing

Reviewer: I'd get rid of this header. It repeats what the header directly above it says, and it's the only section here.

App is retrieving and sending data to Adyen with modification or persisting:

- The IP address of the customer
- Browser data that Adyen drop-in is gathering (app is receiving it from the Storefront and sending it to Adyen). See [Adyen docs](https://docs.adyen.com/online-payments/analytics-and-data-tracking/)
- Saleor customer ID
- Checkout / order language
- Line items from checkout / order (SKUs, descriptions, etc)
- Customer email
- Customer name, surname
- Customer phone
- Customer billing and shipping address

> 

Reviewer: Suggestion:

The app does not process any Cardholder Data (CHD) or Sensitive Authentication Data (SAD), as defined by the PCI DSS regulations. Such information is exchanged directly between the Adyen storefront components and the Adyen servers.
